# Lab 02: Building LLMs Orchestration Flows
### Estimated Time: 60 mins

## Task 01: Create a standard classification flow

1. In the Azure AI Studio, navigate to **Tools > Prompt flow** and click on **+ Create**.

1. In the flow creation window, select the **Standard flow** filter in the **Explore gallery** section and click on **Clone** for the Web Classification.

1. In the Clone flow window, accept the default folder name value and click on **Clone**.

1. A Standard flow will be created with the following structure.

1. Notice that the flow has five nodes:

   - The first **fetch_text_content_from_url** is a python node to extract the text from a Web page.
   - Then the content obtained by the extraction serves as input for an LLM node **summarize_text_content** to summarize the content.
   - The summarization, combined with the classification examples generated by a python node **prepare_examples** is the input for another LLM node **classify_with_llm** where the classification is performed.
   - At the end, we have a Python node **convert_to_dict** responsible for formatting the output of the flow in a python dictionary format.
  
1. Now that the flow has been created, we need a runtime to execute it in the Prompt Flow. Select **Start Compute Session** to start a runtime to run your flow.

   >**Note:** It will take 1-3 minutes to start the session.

1. After starting the Runtime, we need to define the Connection with the LLM for each LLM step. In our case, these are **summarize_text_content** and **classify_with_llm**.

1. We will use the Default_AzureOpenAI Connection and **gpt-4** dpeloyment, which connects to the Azure OpenAI resource that was created when the Azure AI project was set up.

1. Associate the same Connection for the **classify_with_llm** step.

   >**Note:** You can leave the **response_format** field in **blank** or select the **{"type":"text"}**.

1. Once the Runtime is selected and the Connections are configured, you can start the flow by clicking the **Run** button at the top of the page.

1. After finishing the execution you will see that the flow is complete with all steps.

1. You can view the result of the processing by clicking the last node.


















































